Back in the chips fall here I want to create a new web for Bader.
Check the web or dater should be new whatever data.
And of course for this to work I need to import it.
So import
weather data from the weather data.js file
and the constructor as you created it here expects to get the city name and description.
So I'll pass those two arguments all pastie city name which I'm extracting right here were a search
for it of course.
And then the response data which to promise gives me and remember in the promise we're already creating
a checklist of all with the chase and Parus method.
So now it's all about extracting the description of the waiver.
Now if we have a look at the API description here at parameters of API I respond.
You see how a response will look like.
Now description I'm interested in is this one here.
The broken clouds example here.
So as you can see we got a checklist group object which has a weather property which holds an array
in this array.
The very first argument or element is an average telescope object where we then have the desired description
property.
So therefore I can access this description by accessing whether remember that's the very first property
which gives me this right here.
And the first element in this array.
And then description on the resulting Chalons object.
And then I want you to just well convert this to uppercase with the shovel strip method to uppercase
here.
So with that I'm creating my Weber data I'm just giving this a little bit more space again so that you
can see this all but I'm not assigning the temperature yet of course or this.
I'll wrap it in a proxy so I will create a new proxy here like you learned in the proxy module or pass
my webwork data object which actuated and aligned the forward.
Which does it all take that one to wrap and then I will pastie wherever proxy handlers so this proxy
handler I tweeted and then Weber data file of course.
Therefore I also need to import this.
So whether proxy handler should be imported from this web or data module with this proxy now in place
I can use this web or proxy to now access temperature which will now be followed as proxy and intercept
that by the proxy since I do have a set trap being set up here right.
So now if I try to set this I will trigger this trap and therefore it will get converted.
Now what I want to set of course is my response state temperature and let's have a look at the example
response.
Kids see the temperatures here in the main property which returns a number chance to object.
And here we got this temp.
Now here are the example it's Kelvin which is the default unit if you don't specify unit but we specified
units metric here.
We will get it back and solaces decrease.
So again to access that access main and then temp.
So daubs Main got 10 and this will get converted from the proxy.
Well we're almost there.
The missing piece of course is to put it in our age old code in our page here